Added meshery broader capability (#5805)
meshery/meshery: docs/_adapters/istio/istio.md

## Using Service Mesh Standards

> As the service mesh management plane, Meshery enables the adoption, operation, and management of any service mesh and their workloads. Meshery's powerful performance management functionality is accomplished through implementation of [Service Mesh Performance](https://smp-spec.io) (SMP). Meshery's cloud native manager functionality leverages [Service Mesh Interface](https://smi-spec.io) (SMI) and Meshery is the conformance tool for SMI. Meshery integrates with Open Application Model (OAM) to enable users to deploy service mesh patterns. Meshery enables operators to deploy WebAssembly filters to Envoy-based data planes. Meshery facilitates learning about functionality and performance of service meshes and incorporates the collection and display of metrics from applications running on or across service meshes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the open source, cloud native management plane, Meshery enables the adoption, operation, and management of Kubernetes, any service mesh, and their workloads. Meshery's powerful performance management functionality is accomplished through implementation of [Service Mesh Performance](https://smp-spec.io) (SMP). Meshery's cloud native manager functionality leverages [Service Mesh Interface](https://smi-spec.io) (SMI) and Meshery is the conformance tool for SMI. Meshery integrates with Open Application Model (OAM) to enable users to deploy service mesh patterns. Meshery enables operators to deploy WebAssembly filters to Envoy-based data planes. Meshery facilitates learning about functionality and performance of service meshes and incorporates the collection and display of metrics from applications using Prometheus and Grafana integrations.
```
